USB: Single page for events (#11051)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/usb/connect_event/index.md

---
title: 'USB: connect event'
slug: Web/API/USB/connect_event
tags:
  - API
  - Event
  - Reference
  - USB
  - WebUSB
browser-compat: api.USB.connect_event
---
{{APIRef("WebUSB API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`connect`** property of the {{DOMxRef("USB")}} interface is an event fired whenever a paired device is connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`connect`** event callback of the {{DOMxRef("USB")}} interface is fired whenever a paired device is connected.
```

Reviewer: I think this conveys more information in roughly the same space. I can make this a formal proposal if need be.
